there's never been a black cop in this
city we think you might be the man to
open things up around here hello this is
Ron Stallworth called Who am I speaking
with this is David Duke Grand Wizard of
the Ku Klux Klan that David dude
God last time I checked what can I do
for it well since you asked I hate
blacks
I hate Jews Mexicans and Irish Italians
and Chinese but my mouth to God's ears I
really hate those black brats and anyone
else really that doesn't have pure white
Aryan blood running through their veins
I'm happy to be talking to a true white
American god bless white America the KKK
is planning an attack how do you propose
to make this investigation well
establish contact over the phone we'll
need a white officer to play me when
they meet face to face before the white
race trying oh how I know so there
becomes a combined row installer can you
do that with the right white man we can
do anything
[Music]
where's the last time they let a rookie
lead an investigation oh that's right
never okay become his friend let's get
invited back what kind of stuff you guys
know cross burnings marches this is
fixed it'll be a big year for us
that's too many questions you undercover
or something
tonight they've organized to fight
racism are you down for the liberation
of black people power to the people all
power to all the people
that's right system for you it's a
crusade for me it's a job you're Jewish
that hatred doesn't that piss you off
you're taking this jewel I detector test
why are you acting like you ain't got
skin in the game I'm telling you a Wars
of Commons Knights of the Ku Klux Klan
that's us Stallworth brothers voted no
this was a plan you know I would have
taken this love
[Music]